README.md, before:

# `gorunwasm` -- An HTTP Server Wrapper For Go

## Demo

```bash

$ go get github.com/jcorbin/gorunwasm

$ gorunwasm github.com/jcorbin/gorunwasm
2019/05/26 17:03:11 listening on http://127.0.0.1:50059
```

![Then open the browser](demo.png)

But the real joy comes during development, let's break it:

```diff
diff --git a/wasm_main.go b/wasm_main.go
index 8d183f3..5ee8cc1 100644
--- a/wasm_main.go
+++ b/wasm_main.go
@@ -17,7 +17,7 @@ func main() {
        doc := js.Global().Get("document")
        demo := doc.Call("querySelector", "body #demo")

-       if !demo.Truthy() {
+       if !demo { // FIXME that's not how Go works!
                demo = doc.Call("createElement", "h1")
                demo.Call("setAttribute", "id", "demo")
                doc.Get("body").Call("appendChild", demo)
```

![Now refresh the browser](no_truthy.png)

## How

Write some js/wasm-targeting Go code in `package main`:

```golang

// +build wasm js

package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"log"
	"os"
	"syscall/js"
	"time"
)

func main() {
	log.Printf("hello: %q", os.Args) // this goes to the browser console

	// call the classic document.write('...') dom api
	doc := js.Global().Get("document")
	doc.Call("write", fmt.Sprintf("<p>hello %q</p>", os.Args))
}
```

Now you can just run `gorunwasm` within the project directory to host this code
in a local web server.

See the [`syscall/js`][syscall_js] package and the [golang WebAssembly
wiki][golang_wasm_wiki] for more.

## What

The server:

- Provides a `main.wasm` endpoint that automatically builds and caches a built
  WASM binary from an input Go package; cache is invalidated when any of the
  source go files are changed, causing a re-build on next load.
- Provides a `build.log` endpoint exposing the build log; especially useful
  when the build fails.
- Also provides a `build.json` endpoint to see target
  [`build.Package`][golang_build_package] data.

The frontend:

- Provides a simple harness that instantiates the built wasm binary ...
- ... or instead shows you the build log on failure.
- Provides a simple `argv` input box, allowing the target command to be ran as
  many times as makes sense.

The Demo:

- `gorunwasm` itself has a build-flagged `main()` wasm entry point in
  [`wasm_main.go`](wasm_main.go); it is a simple DOM manipulating example.

[golang_build_package]: https://golang.org/pkg/go/build/#Package
[golang_wasm_wiki]: https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/WebAssembly
[syscall_js]: https://golang.org/pkg/syscall/js/

Commit message:

Update readme with html notes

README.md, after:

# `gorunwasm` -- An HTTP Server Wrapper For Go

## Demo

```bash

$ go get github.com/jcorbin/gorunwasm

$ gorunwasm github.com/jcorbin/gorunwasm
2019/05/26 17:03:11 listening on http://127.0.0.1:50059
```

![Then open the browser](demo.png)

But the real joy comes during development, let's break it:

```diff
diff --git a/wasm_main.go b/wasm_main.go
index 8d183f3..5ee8cc1 100644
--- a/wasm_main.go
+++ b/wasm_main.go
@@ -17,7 +17,7 @@ func main() {
        doc := js.Global().Get("document")
        demo := doc.Call("querySelector", "body #demo")

-       if !demo.Truthy() {
+       if !demo { // FIXME that's not how Go works!
                demo = doc.Call("createElement", "h1")
                demo.Call("setAttribute", "id", "demo")
                doc.Get("body").Call("appendChild", demo)
```

![Now refresh the browser](no_truthy.png)

## How

Write some js/wasm-targeting Go code in `package main`:

```golang

// +build wasm js

package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"log"
	"os"
	"syscall/js"
	"time"
)

func main() {
	log.Printf("hello: %q", os.Args) // this goes to the browser console

	// call the classic document.write('...') dom api
	doc := js.Global().Get("document")
	doc.Call("write", fmt.Sprintf("<p>hello %q</p>", os.Args))
}
```

Now you can just run `gorunwasm` within the project directory to host this code
in a local web server.

See the [`syscall/js`][syscall_js] package and the [golang WebAssembly
wiki][golang_wasm_wiki] for more.

### HTML

If you write a `index.html` file into your main package, then `gorunwasm` will
host the package directiory on a root `http.FileServer`; otherwise a default
static `index.html` is provided.

Any custom `index.html`:
- MUST include `<script src="wasm_exec.js"></script>` -- hosted from
  `$GOROOT/misc/wasm/wasm_exec.js`, and is part of the upstream wasm
  runtime.
- SHOULD include `<script src="index.js"></script>` -- is `gorunwasm`'s runtime
  harness, which can be further customized with data attributes:
  - the `data-status-selector` attribute provides a selector query for an html
    element used to display build and runtime status; without this, interactive
    (re)-running is not possible, and any build error log is simply logged to
    the console.
  - the `data-args` provides JSON-encoded command line arguments, and causes
    the wasm program to be immediately ran after compilation (disabling any
    interactive run prompting through the status element).

## What

The server:

- Provides a `main.wasm` endpoint that automatically builds and caches a built
  WASM binary from an input Go package; cache is invalidated when any of the
  source go files are changed, causing a re-build on next load.
- Provides a `build.log` endpoint exposing the build log; especially useful
  when the build fails.
- Also provides a `build.json` endpoint to see target
  [`build.Package`][golang_build_package] data.

The frontend:

- Provides a simple harness that instantiates the built wasm binary ...
- ... or instead shows you the build log on failure.
- Provides a simple `argv` input box, allowing the target command to be ran as
  many times as makes sense.

The Demo:

- `gorunwasm` itself has a build-flagged `main()` wasm entry point in
  [`wasm_main.go`](wasm_main.go); it is a simple DOM manipulating example.

[golang_build_package]: https://golang.org/pkg/go/build/#Package
[golang_wasm_wiki]: https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/WebAssembly
[syscall_js]: https://golang.org/pkg/syscall/js/
